"Success is not final, failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." – Winston Churchill  
"Don't watch the clock; do what it does. Keep going." – Sam Levenson  
"Believe you can and you're halfway there." – Theodore Roosevelt  
"Dream big and dare to fail." – Norman Vaughan  
"It always seems impossible until it’s done." – Nelson Mandela  
"You miss 100% of the shots you don't take." – Wayne Gretzky  
"The only way to do great work is to love what you do." – Steve Jobs  
"The harder you work for something, the greater you’ll feel when you achieve it." – Unknown  
"Push yourself, because no one else is going to do it for you." – Unknown  
"Great things never come from comfort zones." – Unknown  
"Don’t stop when you’re tired. Stop when you’re done." – Marilyn Monroe  
"Wake up with determination. Go to bed with satisfaction." – George Lorimer  
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." – Sean Patrick Flanery  
"Little things make big days." – Isabel Marant  
"It’s going to be hard, but hard does not mean impossible." – Art Williams  
"Don’t wait for opportunity. Create it." – George Bernard Shaw  
"Sometimes we’re tested not to show our weaknesses, but to discover our strengths." – Unknown  
"The key to success is to focus on goals, not obstacles." – Unknown  
"Dream it. Wish it. Do it." – Unknown  
"Success doesn’t just find you. You have to go out and get it." – Unknown  
"Failure will never overtake me if my determination to succeed is strong enough." – Og Mandino  
"Act as if what you do makes a difference. It does." – William James  
"Keep your eyes on the stars and your feet on the ground." – Theodore Roosevelt  
"The future depends on what you do today." – Mahatma Gandhi  
"You are never too old to set another goal or to dream a new dream." – C.S. Lewis  
"Hardships often prepare ordinary people for an extraordinary destiny." – C.S. Lewis  
"Success usually comes to those who are too busy to be looking for it." – Henry David Thoreau  
"Don’t be pushed around by the fears in your mind. Be led by the dreams in your heart." – Roy T. Bennett  
"Start where you are. Use what you have. Do what you can." – Arthur Ashe  
"The man who moves a mountain begins by carrying away small stones." – Confucius  
"You don’t have to be great to start, but you have to start to be great." – Zig Ziglar  
"Perseverance is not a long race; it is many short races one after the other." – Walter Elliot  
"Quality means doing it right when no one is looking." – Henry Ford  
"If you’re going through hell, keep going." – Winston Churchill  
"The secret of getting ahead is getting started." – Mark Twain  
"Fall seven times, stand up eight." – Japanese Proverb  
"Be so good they can’t ignore you." – Steve Martin  
"Success is what happens after you have survived all your mistakes." – Anora Lee  
"It’s not whether you get knocked down. It’s whether you get up." – Vince Lombardi  
"The way to get started is to quit talking and begin doing." – Walt Disney  
"A river cuts through rock not because of its power, but because of its persistence." – Jim Watkins  
"Only those who dare to fail greatly can ever achieve greatly." – Robert F. Kennedy  
"Don’t limit your challenges. Challenge your limits." – Unknown  
"Work hard in silence, let your success be your noise." – Frank Ocean  
"Strength doesn’t come from what you can do. It comes from overcoming the things you once thought you couldn’t." – Rikki Rogers  
"Success is walking from failure to failure with no loss of enthusiasm." – Winston Churchill  
"Make each day your masterpiece." – John Wooden  
"The difference between ordinary and extraordinary is that little extra." – Jimmy Johnson  
"If you want to fly give up everything that weighs you down." – Toni Morrison  
"You are braver than you believe, stronger than you seem, and smarter than you think." – A.A. Milne  
"Discipline is doing what needs to be done, even if you don’t want to do it." – Unknown  
"There is no elevator to success — you have to take the stairs." – Unknown  
"Action is the foundational key to all success." – Pablo Picasso  
"The pain you feel today will be the strength you feel tomorrow." – Unknown  
"Motivation gets you going, but discipline keeps you growing." – John C. Maxwell  
"Success is not in what you have, but who you are." – Bo Bennett  
"You’ve got to get up every morning with determination if you’re going to go to bed with satisfaction." – George Lorimer  
"Courage doesn’t always roar. Sometimes courage is the quiet voice at the end of the day saying ‘I will try again tomorrow.’" – Mary Anne Radmacher  
"Don’t let yesterday take up too much of today." – Will Rogers  
"It does not matter how slowly you go as long as you do not stop." – Confucius  
"To live a creative life, we must lose our fear of being wrong." – Joseph Chilton Pearce  
"Do what you can with all you have, wherever you are." – Theodore Roosevelt  
"Great minds discuss ideas; average minds discuss events; small minds discuss people." – Eleanor Roosevelt  
"You don’t need to see the whole staircase, just take the first step." – Martin Luther King Jr.  
"Success is no accident. It is hard work, perseverance, learning, studying, sacrifice and most of all, love of what you are doing." – Pelé  
"Never give up on a dream just because of the time it will take to accomplish it. The time will pass anyway." – Earl Nightingale  
"If people are doubting how far you can go, go so far that you can’t hear them anymore." – Michele Ruiz  
"Sometimes later becomes never. Do it now." – Unknown  
"Your limitation—it’s only your imagination." – Unknown  
"Do something today that your future self will thank you for." – Unknown  
"Great things never come from comfort zones." – Unknown  
"Success doesn’t come from what you do occasionally, it comes from what you do consistently." – Marie Forleo  
"The best view comes after the hardest climb." – Unknown  
"Doubt kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem  
"You can’t go back and change the beginning, but you can start where you are and change the ending." – C.S. Lewis  
"You never fail until you stop trying." – Albert Einstein  
"Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire." – Jennifer Lee  
"Success is not about being the best. It’s about always getting better." – Behance Team  
"Done is better than perfect." – Sheryl Sandberg  
"Believe in yourself and all that you are." – Christian D. Larson  
"Today’s accomplishments were yesterday’s impossibilities." – Robert H. Schuller  
"Start small. Start now." – Unknown  
"You are your only limit." – Unknown  
"Keep going. Everything you need will come to you at the perfect time." – Unknown  
"The secret of your future is hidden in your daily routine." – Mike Murdock  
"Don’t be afraid to give up the good to go for the great." – John D. Rockefeller  
"Success is liking yourself, liking what you do, and liking how you do it." – Maya Angelou  
"What you get by achieving your goals is not as important as what you become by achieving your goals." – Zig Ziglar  
"If you can dream it, you can do it." – Walt Disney  
"Opportunities don't happen. You create them." – Chris Grosser  
"Never regret a day in your life. Good days give you happiness and bad days give you experience." – Unknown  
"It’s not about perfect. It’s about effort." – Jillian Michaels  
"Be a voice, not an echo." – Albert Einstein  
"Fear kills more dreams than failure ever will." – Suzy Kassem  
"Rise up. Start fresh. See the bright opportunity in each new day." – Unknown  
"Every accomplishment starts with the decision to try." – John F. Kennedy  
"Be the energy you want to attract." – Unknown  

